Mr. Fan
There was someone just now
Premium of 20,000
bought the south
That KTV
Premium of 20,000
Jiangcheng also has
Such an invisible rich man
My marriage is saved
within three minutes
I want to see him
success for women
Spend 50 million
The 500 square meters rebate has been credited to your account
Xiaoqing
Don't worry
I bullied you today
This pair of cuties
I will definitely let them
paid the price
Let's walk
Lin Yang
You are too impulsive
This KTV
worth thirty million
your money
Where can I afford it?
Move your fingers
Bragging
This KTV is yours
funny
Rubbish
You should stay
In the rubbish heap
OK
I won’t follow you either
Nonsense
Someone coming
BAOAN
Now
I'll give you two choices
Either
You tied her up
Put it in for me
Either
I'll crush you to death
Now this KTV
Already mine
I give it to you
last chance
Go quickly
I can take it all
Never happened
manage us
This KTV’s
But
President Fan of Fan Group
Fan Yueying
BAOAN S
BAOAN, what do you mean?
did you mean
can you directly
Contact Mr. Fan
Buy this KTV
Bao BAOAN bought this KTV
Mr. Fan
But Jiangcheng
The most beautiful CEO
Assets of hundreds of millions
Why do I care about you?
Little cute
Lin Yang
Can you help me out today?
I'm already very touched
But things
develop into
Like this now
We are now
No one can do anything
you promise me
after
live well
Xiaoqing
Stop meowing
Sensational
you have now
No choice
I want you
Looking with eyes
How was she
stripped
Take action
Who dares to move
my fiancé
BAOAN